Product Requirements.md, before:

# Job Stories

###### tags: `Requirements`

## High Level Requirements

| JS# | Title | Description | Status |
| --- | ----- | ----------- |:------:|
| JS1 | Explore records | **When** a user visits Agadom website **I want him to** be able to explore exisitng records anonymously **so that** he can see understand which records exist and how are they structured | New |
| JS2 | Lookup a record | **When** a user wants to seed a record or use its data **I want him to** be able to lookup the record in Kairos **so that** he can understand if such a record exists and if so rertrive its data | New |
| JS3 | Connect wallet | **When** a user wants to interact with the system **I want him to** be able to connect his crypto wallet **so that** he can create records, check his owned records, get notifications via EPNS, and perform other wallet requiring actions |  New |
| JS4 | Create a record | **When** a user initiates a new record creation **I want to** enable the user to pay for the process, then verify that the record is valid and doesn't exist yet, and then create the record **so that** the user becomes the owner of the created record, or receives feedback in case the record could not be created due to logical limitations (already exists, not a valid record, etc.) | New |
| JS5 | Seeding result notification | **When** the seeding process initiated by the user completes **I want him to** receive a notification **so that** he can be apprised that the process has completed, and whether it was successfull or whether it failed | New |
| JS6 | | | New |

## Detailed Requirements

Commit message:

Split to anonymous and identified user requirements

Product Requirements.md, after:

# Job Stories

###### tags: `Requirements`

## High Level Requirements

### Anonymous User (AU)

Basic requirements and functionality enabled to all users without the need to connect a wallet.

| JS# | Title | Description | Status |
| --- | ----- | ----------- |:------:|
| AUJS1 | Explore records | **When** a user visits Agadom website **I want him to** be able to explore exisitng records anonymously **so that** he can see which records exist and understand how are they structured | New |
| AUJS2 | Lookup a record | **When** a user wants to seed a record or use its data **I want him to** be able to lookup the record in Kairos **so that** he can understand if such a record exists and if so rertrive its data | New |
| JS3 | Connect wallet | **When** a user wants to interact with the system **I want him to** be able to connect his crypto wallet **so that** he can create records, check his owned records, get notifications via EPNS, and perform other wallet requiring actions |  New |
| AUJS4 | Create a record | **When** a user initiates a new record creation **I want to** enable the user to pay for the process, then verify that the record is valid and doesn't exist yet, and then create the record **so that** the user becomes the owner of the created record, or receives feedback in case the record could not be created due to logical limitations (already exists, not a valid record, etc.) | New |
| AUJS5 | Seeding result notification | **When** the seeding process initiated by the user completes **I want him to** receive a notification **so that** he can be apprised that the process has completed, and whether it was successfull or whether it failed | New |
| AUJS6 | | | New |

&nbsp;

### Identified User with a connected wallet (IU)

Advanced requirements and functionality which require a connected wallet.

| JS# | Title | Description | Status |
| --- | ----- | ----------- |:------:|
| IUJS1 | | | New |

---

## Detailed Requirements
